# TSC Meeting on April 18, 2024

1. Welcome / Roll call of voting members
   - [x] David Chassin (SLAC)
   - [ ] Pedram Jahangiri (Amazon)
   - [ ] Anthony James (SCE)
   - [x] Allen Le (CEC)
   - [x] Joseph Chongfuangprinya (Hitachi)
  
   * Non-voting attendess
   - [ ] Bo Yang (Hitachi)
   
   * A quorum is present (50%+1)
     - [x] Yes
     - [ ] No - Status update only
    
2. [TSC Action Items](https://github.com/orgs/arras-energy/projects/1)
    1. Dave: present project status at next meeting (DONE)
    2. Dave: creative brief for logo (IN PROGRESS)
    3. Dave: verify domain transfer from AWS (COMPLETED)
    4. Naming transfer issue from DOE to LF Energy (John Mertic looking into issue)
      
3. Project status
   * [Issues](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/issues)
     - 44 repositories
     - 20 open issues (no new issues)
   * [Pull requests](https://github.com/arras-energy/gridlabd/pulls)
     - 62 PRs (vast majority are sercurity updates)
   * Press
      - None
   * Active work
      - None

4. New topics
   1. None

6. Approval of minutes
   - [x] Moved, seconded, and approved

7. New action items 
   1.  None

8. Adjourn
   - [x] Moved and seconded, without objection
