# LF Energy Arras (HiPAS GridLAB-D)

Kick-off Meeting

18-Jan-2024

Notes by David Chassin

## Minutes

Call to Order at ____ PST

Attendees: ___

* Agenda:
  - Welcome
  - Role of the TSC
  - TODO: TSC Chairperson selection
  - [Technical charter](https://github.com/lf-energy/foundation/blob/main/project_charters/openfido_charter.pdf)
1. Welcome/Introductions
  - David Chassin (SLAC, minutes, dchassin@slac.stanford.edu)
  - ___
2. Role of Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Kickoff and Level-Set in collaborating open-source
  - TSC Role: sets the direction of the project, roadmap, features, strategic direction, support for the community of users, assess their needs and prioritize work. Provides leadership.
  - All TSC work and meetings are open to the public, collaboration with potential competitors. Be aware of anti-trust laws regarding discussions. Participation is as an individual. What we say is public. John will provide an anti-trust statement at start of each meeting.
3. Role of the chair
  - leads meetings
  - sets meeting agenda
  - general guide to project
  - drive to consensus
  - serve as spokesperson for public relations
  - liaison to LFE Technical Advisory Council. 
  - TODO: nomination
  - TODO: consensus of term
4. Infrastructure
  - Project name: "OpenFIDO". 
  - Github org created by LFE as "openfido". John needs github ids. (ACTION ITEM - all)
5. Meeting cadence
  - ____
6. Additional topics?
7. Adjourn at ___ PST
8. 
# Action items
1. David Chassin: present project status at next meeting
2. All: send github ids to John Mertic to add to github "openfido" organization
3. ____
